So, I was seeing someone at the time.
And both of us, although we were in consensual
open relationships, it was hard to figure
out where to connect.
There wasn’t an easy way to have privacy.
So, when we found out about Pussy Palace,
we were like, “Oh yeah, we need to go to
that together and get a private room, and...”
I remember there sort of being a contrast
between the energy and the physical space.
Like, in our room, the walls were very hard,
the bed was kind of small, and, if I remember
rightly, it had a gym mat kind of feeling
to it.
It just felt very…
Mercenary isn’t the right word, but, like,
pared down.
And I didn’t care.
But I think that there was sort of this need
to accept that this is what it is, this is
what’s possible.
But there was, like, an excitement too.
It had that feeling of: you’re in a very
intentional space, you’re anticipating what’s
going to happen, and it seems like anything
could happen.
And I also have the feeling that there was
some kind of thing where other people were
waiting for the room, or there was a limited
number of rooms.
And so, we were conscious of the longer we
held that room, the less chance someone else would have.
So, I think that, at some point, we turned
in our key so someone else could use the room.
It was very special.
Yes, the room could have been cushier.
Like, if every room had been like a hotel
room, or whatever.
But it just felt like you couldn’t get more
perfect, in terms of feeling like you were
inside this womb space that was protected.
It was fantastic.